well I had either internet village began
so we've got to talk about what the
president said this morning again
because that's like a common thing that
the entire country has to do now because
he's the president he tweeted out
Buffalo protester shoved by police could
be a provocateur the 75 year old he
gives his name I'm not putting it out
there yet again was pushed away after
appearing to scan police communications
in order to black out the equipment
wanna pause right here that's not how
that works
that's not how any that that's not how
that happens
he gives the name of a news outlet news
and quotes i watched he fell harder then
he was pushed was aiming scanner could
be a set up question mark okay in
response to this there's a lot of people
that are angry people are rightfully
pointing out that he is saying could be
a provocateur which is very different
than saying is and that he could be a
setup
whatever that means which is different
than saying is a lot of people are
pointing out that yet again he's just
peddling baseless conspiracy theories a
lot of people are pointing out that
that's not how that works
as far as blacking out the equipment
blacking out the equipment so but in
addition to all of that i would like to
add something that I haven't seen
mentioned yet there's another piece of
messaging that it may be even more
important let's take it the other way
rather than denying what the president
saying let's just say it's all true
let's say every single allegation he is
making here is 100% accurate still
doesn't justify force even if all we
have occations are true it doesn't
justify force now keep in mind using a
scanner is as far as I know completely
legal activity and it doesn't black out
communications
and if he was a provocateur the key
thing to do there would to avoid being
provoked you don't use force nothing the
president is alleging here justifies the
use of force so either the president is
what everybody believes him to be or we
can add not knowing when it is
appropriate for law enforcement to use
force to the list of things that he
doesn't understand which seems like it
would be a really important topic to
understand at the moment it seems like
the the President of the United States
would take the time to kind of get some
basic understanding of when it's okay
for law enforcement to use force given
the fact that the you know country's on
fire because of it that seems like
something that should that he might
should go to a briefing on I don't like
this because it does that same thing it
disparages and attacks the victim which
is a common tactic that gets used a lot
when we're dealing with law enforcement
misconduct or certain kinds of assault
or that kind of assault coming from law
enforcement none of this is is none of
this allegation is probably true okay
but even if it was it does not justify
the force and that's something that we
need to keep in mind we can't just go
chasing our tails trying to argue this
because this argument is something that
it doesn't need to take place even if
all of this is true the force was
unwarranted anyway it's just a thought
gonna have a good day